Add FIPS migration guide for existing deployments (#8936)
mattermost/docs: source/deployment-guide/server/containers/fips-migration.rst

> Migrate an existing deployment to FIPS-compliant containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrate an existing deployment to FIPS-compliant images
```

The title says "containers" but the guide covers Kubernetes too.

Author: Done — retitled to "Migrate an existing deployment to FIPS-compliant images" (and updated the toctree/link text that referenced the old title). Pushed in a8b1afc2b.

============================================================

.. include:: ../../../_static/badges/entry-ent.rst
  :start-after: :nosearch:

From Mattermost v11, each release ships in two image variants: a standard Enterprise build (``mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-edition``) and a FIPS-compliant build (``mattermost/mattermost-enterprise-fips-edition``). Migrating an existing deployment to the FIPS image is primarily a matter of replacing the image and restarting Mattermost. No data migration is required, and rollback is symmetric.

> This guide covers migrating an existing Mattermost Server deployment running on Docker or Kubernetes. FIPS images are only supported for Docker- and Kubernetes-based deployments; Linux package and tarball installations can't be migrated to FIPS in place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers migrating an existing Mattermost Server deployment running on Docker or Kubernetes. Linux package and tarball installations have no FIPS-compliant equivalent.```

Author: Applied your suggested wording. Pushed in a8b1afc2b.

> Mattermost's FIPS offering also covers the Mattermost Operator and a self-hosted Push Proxy. Migrating those components is out of scope for this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost's FIPS offering also covers the Mattermost Operator controller and a self-hosted Push Proxy. Migrating those components to their FIPS variants is out of scope for this guide.
```

Author: Applied your suggested wording. Pushed in a8b1afc2b.

   a. Rotate the password in PostgreSQL. For example, connecting as a Postgres superuser and replacing ``mmuser`` and ``<new password>`` to match your deployment:

      .. code-block:: sql

         ALTER USER mmuser WITH PASSWORD '<new password>';

   b. Update the password where your deployment stores it: in the official Docker deployment, the ``POSTGRES_PASSWORD`` value in ``.env``; in Operator-managed Kubernetes deployments, the database Secret referenced by your ``Mattermost`` custom resource (commonly under ``spec.database.external.secret``).

   c. Proceed to the image swap procedure for your deployment type below. Recreating the container as part of the migration applies the new credentials — no separate restart is required.

6. **Plan for downtime.** The migration requires pulling the new image and restarting the Mattermost container or pod.

Migrate a Kubernetes deployment
-------------------------------

These steps assume your deployment is managed by the Mattermost Operator using a ``Mattermost`` custom resource.

> In the steps below, replace ``[namespace]`` with the namespace your Mattermost installation runs in. If you omit ``-n [namespace]``, ``kubectl`` uses your current context's default namespace.

Reviewer: This section uses [namespace] and [installation-name] and [pod-name] (square brackets). The broader docs repo uses angle brackets (<namespace>, <value>) as the standard placeholder convention.

Author: Fixed — all placeholders now use angle brackets (`<namespace>`, `<installation-name>`, `<pod-name>`) to match the repo convention. Pushed in a8b1afc2b.

1. Stop the Mattermost container:

   .. code-block:: sh

      docker compose stop mattermost

2. Edit your ``.env`` file. Change ``MATTERMOST_IMAGE`` from ``mattermost-enterprise-edition`` to ``mattermost-enterprise-fips-edition``. Leave ``MATTERMOST_IMAGE_TAG`` set to your current release tag — FIPS images are published under the same tags as the standard Enterprise images.

   .. code-block:: text

      MATTERMOST_IMAGE=mattermost-enterprise-fips-edition
      MATTERMOST_IMAGE_TAG=<tag>

3. Pull the FIPS image:

   .. code-block:: sh

      docker compose pull mattermost

4. Recreate the Mattermost container so the new ``.env`` values are applied:

   .. code-block:: sh

      docker compose up -d --force-recreate mattermost

5. Verify the running container is using the FIPS image:

   .. code-block:: sh

      docker inspect mattermost --format '{{.Config.Image}}'

> After migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify the migration
```

Match action based titles as above

Author: Done — section renamed to "Verify the migration" for action-based parity with the other headings. Pushed in a8b1afc2b.
